## Machine learning

Machine learning is one of the application of Artificial Intelligence that automatically analyze and build constructions of data through algorithm. It means that computers have the ability to study by themselves without even being programed. From the study in Artificial Intelligence model and computational learning theory, machine learning already constructs for data learning and data predicting, which means that machine learning is able to get useful information from amount of data and predicting future data. It overcomes the old statically programing algorithm, which is better than ever before to help people to do data analyzation and make decisions. Machine learning is also related to Statistics closely. As same as Statistics, Machine learning make prediction through data, which conflate with data mining. In a word, machine learning is copying process that human learning, which make computers to collect, conclude, recognize and finally get new knowledge and skills. Therefore, machine learning is one of the most important field in computer science.Let’s suppose one day you go to supermarket to buy some apples with machine learning skills. Machine learning algorithm evolved from normal algorithm, which will study data and make your algorithm smarter. What you need to do is pick many apples randomly from market and make a table for their physical property, such as, color, size, shape, seller, place of origin, and etc. Also make sure you record whether they are delicious or not. You give these properties to machine learning algorithm, and then it will return a model that shows relationship between the properties and taste. Next time you go to supermarket, you can just input those properties into machine learning algorithm, which will predict the taste of the apple you pick by using the model that machine learning algorithm created before. Now you can choose apples confidently without considering other complicated details. More importantly, your machine learning algorithm is getting better with the time goes by. After getting enough data from market, the result will be very accurate. Machine learning algorithm also refines itself after it made wrong prediction. Most importantly, you can use this algorithm to create any other model such as banana, orange, etc. can be any fruit not only apple.In the last 10 years, machine learning made many contributions in autopilot, speech recognition, and internet searching. Machine learning is able to let computer make reaction without even programed. It is one of the most important skills in Artificial Intelligence, and it is still developing. Many people think machine learning is the best way to approach ‘Artificial-Intelligence-Everything’.